#5 add Swift Package Manager configuration (#26)
hCaptcha/HCaptcha-ios-sdk: README.md

And you will now get the desired behavior.

### SwiftUI Example

> Originaly `HCaptcha` designed to be used with UIKit. But you can easily use it with `SwiftUI` also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`HCaptcha` was originally designed to be used with UIKit. But you can easily use it with `SwiftUI` as well.
```

Author: Done
